this document outlines the scope of the UserOnly container.
scope: to create a easy to use access point for a Users and NodeUsers to connect to the frontend container.

content: [
    1. this is a standalone Gui for connecting to the Frontend
    2. is modern and easy to use.
    3. starts the local consoles Tor system as a background process.
    4. supports the requirements for the use of frontend and initial registration of a UserID/ NodeID.
    5. has the installer built in for the initial launching of the LucidTops system from any console (window, Mac, linux os systems)
    6. uses the console that is operating the container for the pull_information function.(not the creator of the container)
    7. all connection routes required are pulled from the /mnt/myssd/Server/Secrets/proxy.secrets and Master.secrets at the time of container creation.(is configured internally)
    8. all configurations of this container must not be exposed to Users or NodeUsers.
    9. the direct handshake with the frontend container must be present.
    10. Must use TOR
]

restriction: [
    1. No GitHub use
    2. all cross contianer config files / conf criteria must  exist inside this container.
    3. must be operation from multiple locations at a single time (unrestricted number of Users/ NodeUsers at any given time)
    4. must include the 2 ways to connect ( as a User or as a NodeUser, this includes register as options)
    5. anti manipulation protocol must be in place.
]

Gui styling and formats: [
    1. created using tkinter libraries.
    2. uses the same color schema as the the content found in the frontend/ folder.
    3. is modern in design
    4. is easy to use.
]

installer includes: [
    - the check and install of tor on the console.
    - the check and install of docker on the console
    - the check and install of all required libraries on the console
    - the check and install of javascript and python interpreters as required.
    - the creation of the driver directory based on install locations for alignment in when operating the LucidTops systems.
    - all other conf/ config material required by a user is created from realworld pull_information
]